President Obama: Well I
just had the opportunity
to have an excellent
conversation with
President Elect Trump.
It was wide ranging, we
talked about some of the
organizational issues in
setting up a white house,
we talked about foreign
policy, we talked about
domestic policy.
And as I said last night
my number one priority in
the next two months is
to try and felicitate a
transition that ensures
our President Elect
is successful.
And I have been encouraged
by the, I think interests
in President Elect Trump's
wanting to work with my
team around many the
issues that this great
country faces and I
believe that's important
for all of use regardless
of party, regardless of
political presences to now
come together, to work
together to deal with any
challenges that we face.
In the meantime Michelle
has had a chance to greet
the incoming first lady
we had an
excellent conversation
with her a well.
And we want to make sure
they feel welcome as they
prepare to make
this transition.
And most of all I want
to emphasize to you,
Mr. President Elect that
we now are going to want
to do everything we can to
help you succeed because
if you succeed then
the country succeeds.
Please go ahead.
President Elect Trump:
Well thank you very much
President Obama.
This was a meeting that
was going to last for
maybe ten to
fifteen minutes.
We were just going to get
to know each other, we had
never met each other.
I have great respect, the
meeting lasted for maybe
an hour and a half and it
could have, as far as I'm
concerned, could have
gone on for a lot longer.
We really, we discussed
a lot of, different
situations, some wonderful
and some difficulties.
I very much look forward
to dealing with the
president in the future,
including council, he's
explained some of the
difficulties, some of the
high-flying assets some of
the really great things
that have been achieved.
So Mr. President it was a
great honor meeting with
you and look forward to
being you many many more
times in the future.
Thank you sir.